How many times a week
do you use a computer?
For some of us, the
answer might be "a lot"!
They are incredible
machines that
let us do everything from using
specialized applications when
completing a task at work
to sending emails to loved
ones in a distant place.
Have you ever thought
about how computers
can do all of this?
Well, that's where
operating systems come in.
In this section,
we'll learn about
common operating systems,
and we'll explore
the main functions of
an operating system.
Then, we'll learn the
relationship between
operating systems,
applications, and hardware.
Finally, we'll compare
graphical user interfaces
and command-line interfaces.
The command-line
interface will be
an essential part of your
job as a security analyst.
Understanding
operating systems is
an important foundation for
your career in security.
There's so much to
explore. Let's begin.